[Music]
hello everyone
this is mk today's movie is about a
teenage girl is raised by a robot
designed to repopulate the earth in the
near future
an extinction level event rocks planet
earth and an underground bunker is
activated
its program is designed to repopulate
the earth
a robot called mother initiates her
program and grows a human embryo into a
baby
which it then raises into childhood
the young girl asks mother why she's the
only child
and mother tells her she needs some time
to learn about raising children
many years later a teenage daughter live
with mother
in the bunker mother gives daughter
lessons on ethics and morals in
preparation for a looming exam
later the power goes out in the facility
taking mother out with it daughter goes
to find the source of the trouble and
captures a mouse that led to an
electrical malfunction
daughter thinks the mouse means there is
life outside the bunker
but mother believes the mouse could be a
carrier for disease and incinerates it
still curious daughter begins
investigating
dons a hosmet suit and starts poking
around the facility's airlock
once there she hears a woman wounded
badly from a gunshot and crying out for
help from outside
daughter opens the lock gets the woman
to put on a hazmat suit
and leaves her hidden in the airlock as
mother quickly arrives
mother insists that contagion outside
the bunker would kill her
and then tells her that she take her
exam immediately
daughter heads back to the airlock to
find the woman asleep
she finds a gun in her bag and takes it
then gives her water
when the woman takes her mask off to
drink it daughter realizes there must
not be contamination from outside the
bunker
while daughter goes to get medical
supplies woman sees mother and reaches
for her gun but finds it missing
when daughter returns woman demands the
gun saying that mother is just like her
friends outside
woman shoots at mother but is quickly
overpowered and taken to the infirmary
where the woman refuses mother's medical
aid
daughter confronts mother about the
supposed toxicity levels outside
and mother admits that she lied to keep
her safe and is not like the robots who
attacked the woman
mother tells daughter they can help any
other survivors but they need the woman
to cooperate
daughter tries to convince woman that
mother isn't bad
but the woman tells her she's seen the
horrors the robots have inflicted
daughter asks mother if she knows other
robots but mother says she doesn't
remember ever not being in the bunker
woman's conditions worsens and mother
says she'll need surgery
woman refuses to let mother operate so
daughter volunteers
mother guides her through the surgery
which is tough but successful
after the surgery woman is kinder to
daughter
woman confesses she was on a food run
with her brother when the robots
attacked
her brother distracted them and she got
away never making it back to the minds
where her people live
woman tells daughter she should go with
her but mother interrupts and tells
daughter to take her exam
mother confiscates woman's bag and when
daughter asks why
mother says that the bullet they pulled
from woman matches the one she fired at
mother
with gun she brought in not a gun
robot's use
she was shot by another human mother
thinks she's dangerous
daughter completes the exam when she
passes
mother allows daughter to select a new
embryo to add to their family
daughter confronts woman about lying but
woman asks her if she saw the bullets
with her own eyes
she breaches security and checks the
bullets herself
and finds they don't match she goes
through more records and learns that
mother had raised several other children
before her
and finds human remains in the
incinerator
daughter returns to woman and tells her
she believes her
woman insists they go back to the mine
but daughter wants to wait for her
currently gestating new brother and says
they just need to stay one more night
before she can mother who was
eavesdropping on the escape plan
locks her in a room and goes woman
demanding the location of the minds
daughter breaks out setting off alarms
and in the melee woman is also able to
escape
in order to escape woman holds a knife
to daughter's throat which forces
mother to open the airlock and they
escape
daughter is angry but goes along with
woman
outside they narrowly avoid some other
robots
which appear to be planting crops and
purifying the air
mother says that before the robots the
earth was virtually uninhabitable
when they reach woman's home daughter
learns that woman
actually fled the tunnels years before
and has been living alone for a long
time daughter wants to find them
but woman says they had devolved into
madness
daughter is horrified she left her
brother and flees to go back to the
compound
woman refuses too scared she encounters
a fleet of robots who let her pass
she enters the compound taking an axe
for protection
and finds mother and her brother mother
explains that she was created to protect
humanity
and when she saw the human race
destroying themselves
she took action to create a new world
that humans would flourish in
and raising humans who are ethical
mother lets daughter hold her brother
and when daughter attempts to flee
mother chases her
daughter aims a gun at her but mother
reveals that she is every robot on earth
all one consciousness daughter pleads
with mother to let her raise the brother
on her own
and mother acquiesces letting daughter
shoot her
destroying that body the woman is alone
when mother comes to her and
implies that she was only alive and free
to serve her plans
and kills her at the compound the
daughter sings a lullaby to her brother
then walks into the embryo room she is
now
the mother to them all that's all for
the movie
thank you for watching remember to
subscribe for more movie updates